#summary Zwizzer: an application for the Google Android platform
#labels Zwizzer,Android,Twitter

=Zwizzer: an application for the Google Android platform=

Online communities like Flick, del.icio.us, Facebook, or YouTube have
established themselves as very popular and powerful services for publishing and
searching content. Without any doubt, the most successful online community platform
is the micro blogging service of Twitter, where people can publish short messages
about their current activity or experience. One of the situations where these messages
are published is that of mobility: a user sees something and wants to share it with
friends. There is a corresponding explosion of applications that intend to leverage this
situation.
However, these applications are in most cases simple and fun and do not
respond to the primary needs of the end-user. This need is the possibility to tag an
experience, a state of mind or current activity with the location of the user. Several
advantages can be considered: when arriving to a new location, i.e. school, university,
home, work etc., the user will able to filter messages that relate to that given location
(e.g. see what are the current reductions in a store, see traffic, see where is something
interesting) and also when checking messages of friends, the user will be able to see
where the given friend is.
Zwizzer, a mobile application built on top of the Android Platform, is a
gateway application to Twitter with the following main features: (i) login to the user’s
Twitter account, (ii) viewing messages of followers, (iii) posting a message to Twitter,
(iv) posting a message to Twitter tagged with the location of the user (retrieved via
GPS).


= More =

for More information visit the SAPIENTIA university at www.ms.sapientia.ro

=Coordinators=

Johann Stan (Alcatel-Lucent Bell Labs France)
Antal Margit (PhD) www.ms.sapientia.ro/~manyi

=Coder, me=
Kisgyörgy Zoltán